Who are you looking for?
Hello.
Is the owner of this shop around?
Oh, you're looking for Princess.
Princess?
She's pretty like a princess, so we call her Princess.
Aren't you Mr. Ko from the drama?
You are. My gosh, I don't believe it.
Yes.
Anyway, where can we find the owner of this shop?
We are in a rush looking for her.
It's been a month since she left this village.
She left? To where? Do you know where she went to?
I'm not sure. Somewhere near her husband's hometown.
Aren't you Sa Jin Jin?
My goodness, I need to get your autographs.
Do you have any paper on you?
My gosh.
Goodness.
I'm done with your left side. Now, the right side.
U.
It's really cloudy as if I'm seeing through a thick fog.
It's just because you're getting old.
It's nothing, right?
Her eyesight is the same.
I think you'd better visit an optometrist.
An optometrist?
You don't need a doctor. It's all because you're aging.
I see.
You had a sister like that.
When she first left,
I despised her...
thinking that she's crazy.
After some time passed,
I decided to try to understand her.
And now, I hope she's happy.
If she's unhappy,
it would make my parents even more pitiful.
All we did was fight each other. Because she ripped your poster,
because we wanted to use the bed, because her body touched mine,
and telling each other to turn off the lights.
But why do I miss her?
Because she's family.
I envy you.
At least you have some hope.
You might be able to meet her if you wait.
But I don't have a chance even if I decide to wait.
My mom is over on the other side.
She's probably keeping her eyes on you.
When you eat, sleep, work,
and even skipping work like today.
I'm sure she's watching your every move.
I see.
That means she's probably watching me as well.
I'm sure your sister is keeping her eyes on you too.
You're a superstar.
She'll probably see me too.
I hope she likes me.
She won't. She hates everything that I like.
She's mean like that.
Thank you...
for spending time with me.
I apologize for...
letting my emotions take over...
and ruining our workday.
Thanks to you, we got some time to ourselves.
Over here.
To Anthony and Jin Jin's happy wedded life.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
Wait, wait, wait.
- Let's have some before we start. - What's that?
We're promoting this. It prevents hangovers.
Let's take the leftovers.
It'll be better than nothing.
You two are on fire.
- What? - You're so popular.
I've been with the show for 10 years since the beginning.
You're the hottest couple we had.
That's all thanks to Jin Jin.
No, there's a reason you have great chemistry.
You are the perfect couple.
It's fate.
From what I've seen so far,
you two will make it to the 10th season.
- What? - You must watch out for one thing.
Scandals. Those are a no-no.
If there are any, they should be about you two.
We didn't sign a contract about it,
but if a rumor starts about either of you,
it'll ruin your reputation and our show's.
Don't worry. That won't happen.
I'm not worried. Why would I be? Now eat up.
- You caught the fish. - Right.
Do you want something hot? Don't you feel cold?
Spicy fish soup. This place cooks a mean fish soup.
I'd like that.
Can we have some fish soup?
Sure.
That tastes amazing.
- Try some, Jin Jin. - Okay.
Our honeymoon is over.
It is. Thank you.
- You're leaving early tomorrow? - Yes.
I have afternoon plans.
You'll stay a bit longer?
Yes.
Shall I walk you to your room?
Go on inside.
Jin Jin.
- See you in Seoul. - Of course. We must.
I have something to say.
Okay.
Go on.
Are you tired?
I'll drop by the convenience store.
- Okay, see you tomorrow. - Goodnight. See you.
Bye.
Sorry. We don't have that medicine.
Is there a pharmacy nearby?
All the ones nearby are closed now.
There are some in town,
but that's an hour by car at least.
That's too bad.
Do you feel unwell?
- What? - Are you sick?
No, well...
Did you...
eat shrimp?
Why did you eat that?
I thought a little wouldn't hurt.
Let me see.
That's not a little. It'll get worse.
- Fever? - Not yet.
- Nausea? - A bit.
- Itchiness? - A lot.
I'll get my car. Wait here.
Let's get some medicine.
- Hello. - Hello.
24 Sangsu-dong, please.
Sure thing. Let me see...
Sorry, but can you drive me into the alley?
I will.
A pretty lady like you should be careful at night.
Right. Thank you.
Isn't it hard to get a taxi there?
It is. I almost reported a few drivers for refusing to take me.
I was going to drive on as well.
I have a thing for ladies with pretty ankles.
I noticed yours from a distance.
- Don't you get that a lot? - I don't.
Women look prettier with their ankles on display.
Women these days show their thighs...
as if they're begging for attention.
Men can look. Sometimes, they can touch.
Women get so riled up about that.
- I like that. - The next headline.
The government...
laid out plans to increase full-time employment,
but clashes and conflicts...
(Please charge)
A member of the Ministry of Employment...
and Labor announced they'll...
hold a meeting next month.
The female university student...
who'd gone missing in Chuncheon on the 20th...
was found dead today.
Her body was found four days after she was reported missing.
The public, especially young women, are feeling increasingly afraid.
(Obey signals)
(Pharmacy)
I'm so sorry.
- Thank you. - What do you need?
- Do you have any antihistamines? - Yes.
You'll be okay now.
- Okay. - Take a shower,
and take one more before bed. Don't forget.
Okay.
I'll get out here.
We have to go into the alley. To number 24.
It's fine. Stop here, please.
We're nearly there.
(Bombed Jung Woo Sung)
What should I do? I'm so scared.
Right outside... What should I do?
Mr. Kang, hadn't you gone home?
I left some papers.
Good luck on your first court case.
It's always good to win.
End it before your hands get sweaty or you feel thirsty.
Okay, thanks.
- See you. - Bye.
Mr. Kang.
Didn't you say you came for some papers?
[VIU Ver] E20 20th Century Boy & Girl "I'm sick of it"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Who are you?
Stay where you are. I called the cops.
Come at me.
- What rotten luck. - Come on, let's fight.
Ah Reum, Han Ah Reum.
Are you home? It's Woo Sung.
Ah Reum, are you okay?
Ah Reum, Han Ah Reum.
Ah Reum, it's me, Woo Sung.
Are you okay?
Were you scared?
It's okay. You're safe now.
You're okay now.
Are you carsick?
Am I a mess?
Don't say that.
Antihistamines make you carsick.
Let's get some air.
It's cold.
Come on, it's cold.
Don't.
What's wrong?
Don't you get it?
Am I a pushover?
You don't have the guts to ignore me. You see me suffer,
so you get me medicine and keep me warm out of guilt?
That'll make you a good person.
And you'll feel fine.
Just stop it.
Stop being way too nice, confusing and toying with me,
then walking off.
I'll stop too.
You made me feel both happy and sad.
Wasting my energy on you, wasting time waiting on you.
You left without a word 17 years ago, and I expected news.
I waited for years.
I expected you to come see me at the hospital.
I waited for you.
I regret it all.
- Sa Jin Jin. - Don't you get it?
I'm sick of it.
You're driving me crazy.
(Antihistamine)
- Jin Jin. - The weather's amazing.
Let's ride a kayak.
That's for couples.
How about a quad bike?
You drive all day.
- Aren't you sick of it? - No.
Shall we go paragliding? Let's get rid of some stress.
Shall we go hiking? Up a mountain.
We could take photos to post on social media.
"I'm here too. Life's good."
Aren't you tired?
- It'll be fun. - I'm just fine.
You're in your 20s.
I'm not like you.
You go have fun. I'll stay at the hotel.
I have homework to do.
I never was good in school, but homework must be done.
Running in fury.
Do you run when you're hung over?
I heard you drank all the alcohol on the island last night.
Why? Is something wrong?
- Yes. - Really?
What's wrong?
(Chairman)
Hello, sir.
Yes, I'm still on the island.
Yes, Uncle. I just reached the cafe.
A blind date on Jeju Island. That's a first.
What's his name?
What Ji Won?
Gong Ji Won? Okay.
I'll show you the way.
- I'm Gong Ji Won. - I'm Kim Ji Yeon.
Aren't you Sa Jin Jin?
I'm a huge fan. Could you take a selfie with us?
- Sure. - Thank you.
Just a moment.
My uncle praised you so much. I wondered what you were like.
I was going to call you when I got to Seoul.
It's great to meet you sooner.
I happened to come here to play golf.
The chairman strongly urged me to meet you.
I didn't dare say no to his face.
I'm not...
ready to meet anyone just yet.
I was going to tell you in Seoul through the phone.
I didn't think I'd get to meet you here.
I see.
It was an excuse.
Sorry?
I'm done making excuses. I'm done making her wait.
I have to go. I'm very sorry.
Sa Jin Jin. Jin Jin.
Sa Jin Jin.
We need to talk. Hey, we have to talk.
- I don't have anything to say. - I do.
Are you doing this because you know you're my weak spot?
Do you think I'll do anything if you ask me to?
- Don't be delusional. - Please hear me out.
No. I don't want to.
I said I don't want to be heartbroken again.
- I don't want to wait for you. - I don't either.
I don't want to lie to myself anymore.
I was at the hospital when you had collapsed.
I saw you lying there in the emergency room,
and I saw Chul Min there.
The fact that he was there...
I wasn't expecting to see him there with you, so I left.
I thought I had no choice but to turn back.
That's what I said to myself to comfort me.
But it was all but an excuse. I was delusional.
I was the one who had a problem.
I had been...
holding myself back.
I was afraid you'd leave me.
Because everyone that I love always leaves me.
I was afraid you'd do the same.
Let's stop...
being friends.